[My website](http://msosland.github.io)

##### What did you learn about CSS padding, borders, and margin by doing this challenge?
I learned that I need to think about how each of my containers and nested containers might have their own padding, borders, and margins, and it is useful to visualize all of my containers on the page. I did write a techinical blog post about padding, borders, and margin, so I would refer you to [here](http://msosland.github.io/blog/css-concepts.html) for my full analysis. In extreme summarization, the margin is the transparent outer edge of the element's box and it determines spacing between boxes, the border is optionally a visible edge to a container's box, and the padding is an optional transparent space between the element and its border.
##### What did you learn about CSS positioning?
In my website I have so far only used static positioning. However, I am aware that relative positioning will move an element away from where it should be due to normal flow, without affecting surrounding elements. Absolute positioning will move an element out of normal flow in relation to the parent element, and surrounding elements will fill the void from the removed element. Fixed positioning will allow an element to be fixed in relation to the browser window. I decided to not implement fixed positioning yet for my header, for example, as the reader scrolls through my blog posts, but I may in the future insert it.
##### What aspects of your design did you find easiest to implement? What was most difficult?
The most challenging thing for me was coming up with a design that I like looking at. I am not currently satisfied with my design, but I have spent longer than I intended to on it, so I will revisit it later. Specifically, once I strayed away from my original and second versions of my wireframe, and as I would try to create designs in my head without wireframes and implement them, I would only realize after doing all the work that it did not look as good as I was hoping. So, I am now going to go back and redraw all of my containers and nested containers and make sure I like the way it looks in a sketch, before I spend the work going through all of the css.
##### What did you learn about adding and formatting elements with CSS in this challenge?
I just think I need to refocus on all my semantic containers. As my design was getting more complex in my head, I found it harder to visualize where each of my element were located on the page and what their dimensions were. The chrome devtools do help, and I need to go back and make sure my html and boxes make sense. I want to change my header>nav to an unordered list I think. And I also think that I have a few unnecessary containers, either a section or main, that I do not need on my blog/index page. Finally, my main homepage has no description of who I am or what you are doing there, so I want to add my picture with a brief introduction and feel out the about page as well.